Create rule S7166: Adobe OAuth credentials should not be disclosed (APPSEC-2237) (#4504)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7166/secrets/rule.adoc

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/description.adoc[]

== Why is this an issue?

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/rationale.adoc[]

=== What is the potential impact?

> If an attacker gains access to a eBay OAuth credentials, they might be able to authenticate as users or applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an attacker gains access to Adobe OAuth credentials, they might be able to authenticate as users or applications.
```
